Banners GA (#9656)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/content_cards/creative_details.md

{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2 role="presentation" }

{% endtab %}
{% tab Image-only %}

> If you want fancy, the image-only card is for you. This is completely customized to what you want it to be. Just create your content elsewhere and upload it for a beautiful card that's all your own.

Reviewer: The isn't reflective of image-only, the image-only option is just that, just an image. We don't customize it for them, its on customers to upload the image and up to them to create it. We just show it.

Something like may be more aligned with offered functionality:
```suggestion
If you want more creative control, the image-only card is for you. Create your image using any tooling you like and  upload the image to this card type.
```
